So, um,
my buddy Ryan holiday had a series of books still does where he takes the ideas
of the Stoics and he applies them to contemporary, uh, terms.
He has this whole cottage industry that he's doing very well with.
And I'd asked him years ago, if I could do that with Kemo and he's like, sure,
go for it. And I was going to rework, Kamoze the myth of Sisyphus.
And I read it recently. I re-read it.
And this wasn't the book I remembered at all. Uh, and I'm like, okay,
I'm going to write the book that I remembered, but the more I was writing it,
I, one of the things I always yell at conservatives about,
and there's a long list is they don't talk about, um,
the great victory of conservatism,
which was the winning of the cold war without firing a shot. And I said,
you can't expect the New York times to tell this story because the blood is on
their hands. And I'm like, well, Michael,
instead of complaining about it, why don't you do it? Why don't you talk?
That is a great example of the good guys winning over the bad guys.
And that's become a it's.
The victory is beautiful, but also pointing out to people when people are like,
Oh, things are worse than they've ever been.
They don't appreciate how bad things were in the thirties. Uh,
what Stalin was doing overseas and how people in the West were advocating
to bring that here.
So that's kind of pointing out how bad things were and how good
they became. And, uh,
you don't have to be Republican or conservative to be delighted at the collapse
of totalitarianism and the peaceful liberation of half the world.
So that's a picture of the good guys winning. Oh yeah.
How does that connect to Sufis and, uh,
maybe to speak deeper to life and the,
whatever the hell this thing is,
which is what I remember the Mythicist Sufis being about.
So where does the threat of Como sort of, um,
lie in the work that you're doing? So the myth of Sisyphus,
which I had remembered incorrectly, it's actually just a five, seven,
five to seven page, uh, like Coda to the whole book at the very end.
Like you only need to read that little essay called the myth of Sisyphus.
The broader work is about [inaudible] concept of the absurd and the absurd man
within literature. And he's goes, and it's just like,
I don't really care about the character and dusty FC and all this other stuff
that you're talking about. It's of no relevance, but what he,
the myth of Sisyphus, the myth itself, not the book or the,
or the essay of his is this Greek character.
And specifically is forced in hell to, uh, roll a rock up a Hill,
uh, for attorney at the very last moment,
the rock falls away and can mus take away from the stories that we have to ma
we must imagine Sisyphus happy, and there are several interpretations of this,
but one is once you accept that you are living an
absurdist existence, once you own your reality,
it loses its um,
bite and can start with that as your kind of
baseline and bite is suffering and
hopelessness.
So I think when people look at how much
ridiculousness is happening in America, and it's escalating,
you can either think, Oh, all is lost or you can.
And I think you and I have lived our lives like this.
You can live life more like a surfer,
whereas you're never going to control the ocean, but you can sure.
Enjoy that ride and stop if you're trying to control the waves. Yeah,
you're done. But if you're like, all right, I've got my board,
I'm going to see where this takes me surfing from what I understand is a pretty
fun activity and also sometimes dangerous. But you'd have to ask,
tell us about that.